Step 2. Now let's move to the Second Step entering the quantity, and managing
tolerance risk. Once you click the truck icon, you'll be taken to the receiving
entry screen. This is where precise and careful data, entry becomes critical.
The accuracy of what you enter here. Directly impacts Financial records. So
attention to detail. At this stage is essential for controlling systemic risk.
Instructions 1 received ensure this precisely matches the actual day, the goods
arrived which may not necessarily be today's date accuracy. Here is crucial for
the audit Trail 2 quantity, enter the exact amount received note that partial
receiving is standard. If you ordered 10, but physically received only five,
you must accurately enter 5, the systemic risk currently there is no tolerance
set in the system. This represents a significant systemic vulnerability, that
demands heightened, human vigilance scenario. If you ordered five laptops but
accidentally type 6 in the quantity field. The system will at present except
there's erroneous entry without a warning or block the consequence. This
directly creates Phantom inventory. The company generates a financial liability
for an item that physically does not exist. Leading to an accurate. Financial
statements inflated asset values and significant audit findings. Best practice
always double. Check your physical count against the purchase. Order Poe
quantity before clicking submit do not rely on the system to automatically stop
you. You are the critical control point in this vulnerability activity. Imagine
you are an internal auditor reviewing this process based on the no tolerance
sets and REO identify potential, systemic vulnerabilities, and predict the
long-term Financial operational and audit impacts of phantom inventory. How
would you recommend modifying the system or processed to mitigate this risk and
provide a clear justification for your proposal to management?